core: upgrade ceph to latest release v17.2.5 (#11198)
rook/rook: design/ceph/ceph-nfs-ganesha.md

Prototype information detailed on Rook blog:
https://blog.rook.io/prototyping-an-nfs-connection-to-ldap-using-sssd-7c27f624f1a4

> NFS-Ganesha (via libraries within its container) is the client to SSSD. As of Ceph v17.2.3, the Ceph

Reviewer: Let's revert this file, it's telling a specific version where the fix and feature were available.

container image does not have the `sssd-client` package installed which is required for supporting

> SSSD. It should be available in Ceph v17.2.5.

Reviewer: @BlaineEXE Can we change this to `is`?
```suggestion
SSSD. It is available starting from Ceph v17.2.4.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think that change looks good.

Author: done
